Add activity tracking for user suspension due to failed login attempts (#25836)
directus/directus: .changeset/four-doodles-give.md

---
'@directus/api': patch
---

> Add activity logging for user suspension due to failed login attempts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added activity tracking for user suspension due to failed login attempts
```
